TODO.md, before:

Make missions a plugin-style folder structure.
Missions can have their own roles

Separate namespace for game plugins/modules? Can distribute code and config file in one structure.

TODO: visited properties in locations. Save them!
TODO: Score!
TODO: item, actor, thing state

ACTIONS: talk, look, attack, unlock, light, take, move, open, block

Goals:
- Easy for non-techies to make content for
- Easy to run and play
- Few dependencies as possible
- Get a little out of my comfort zone (YAML, Mojo)

Needs:
- more testing
- more validation

Expansion ideas:
- Multiplayer? (multiple people playing single-player games)
- Chat?
- Multiple things per location
- Deployment
- Media in game folder
- All-in-one client and game in Electron

Add docs for mission building.

Tests:
- location: ancestor
- player: reset
- adventure: score(), have actions
- valid mission
- invalid mission. Then test for everything wrong with it.
- no duplicate slugs
- everything has a default state
- Test that exit roles return exits (?)
- location: make sure ancestor and my set_state work

Player: 
- Part of game, not mission

Add base object with name, description, looks, properties, save(), load() (DONE)
Slugs should be needed for creating new Things (DONE)
gamestate should be sent to all game actions

move = run = walk = go. Set visited property

Talk: 
- Didn't take long to make a base Thing
- Immutable actors, or complex definition? Neither - state!
- Boilerplate validation: how I fixed.

Commit message:

Create a reference to the player in the adventure.
Different game roles will need to modify the player. To do this, we
can't have the roles trying to look at the game engine to find that.
When we get to having multiple players in the engine, that would never
work out.

TODO.md, after:

Make missions a plugin-style folder structure.
Missions can have their own roles

Separate namespace for game plugins/modules? Can distribute code and config file in one structure.

TODO: visited properties in locations. Save them!
TODO: Score!
TODO: item, actor, thing state

ACTIONS: talk, look, attack, unlock, light, take, move, open, block

Goals:
- Easy for non-techies to make content for
- Easy to run and play
- Few dependencies as possible
- Get a little out of my comfort zone (YAML, Mojo)

Needs:
- more testing
- more validation

Expansion ideas:
- Multiplayer? (multiple people playing single-player games)
- Chat?
- Multiple things per location
- Deployment
- Media in game folder
- All-in-one client and game in Electron

Add docs for mission building.

Tests:
- location: ancestor
- player: reset
- adventure: score(), have actions
- set_player()
- valid mission
- invalid mission. Then test for everything wrong with it.
- no duplicate slugs
- everything has a default state
- Test that exit roles return exits (?)
- location: make sure ancestor and my set_state work

Engine: 
- in single player games, doesn't do much
- Will do more for multiplayer.

Player: 
- Part of game, not mission.
- Needed for an eventual multiplayer engine.
- But.... how does mission alter player?
- Ran into this problem, need to pass player handle to mission.

Add base object with name, description, looks, properties, save(), load() (DONE)
Slugs should be needed for creating new Things (DONE)
gamestate should be sent to all game actions
in move game action, copy adventure actions into room when moving

move = run = walk = go. Set visited property

Talk: 
- Didn't take long to make a base Thing
- Immutable actors, or complex definition? Neither - state!
- Boilerplate validation: how I fixed.
